5. Write a program that can calculate the area and perimeter of a Square:
                        1. Ask the user "Enter the side of the square:"
                                if user enters 0 or negative numbers, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for the side of the square"

                        2. Display:
                                        1. Area of square
                                        2. Perimeter of square

                        3. Ask the user "Would you like to calculate another Square?"
                                        If "yes" --> repeat the previous steps
                                        If "No" --> Print "Thank you for using Cydeo Square Calculator APP"

                                If user enters an invalid entry, ask the user to re-enter until user provides a valid entry

                        Hint: you can use  System.exit(1) to terminate the entire program


6. Write a program that can calculate the area and perimeter of a Rectangle:
                        1. Ask the user "Enter the length of the Rectangle:"
                                if user enters 0 or negative numbers, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for the length of the rectangle"

                        2. Ask the user "Enter the width of the Rectangle:"
                                if user enters 0 or negative numbers, terminate the program after displaying the error message "Invalid Entry for the width of the rectangle"

                        3. Display:
                                        1. Area of rectangle
                                        2. Perimeter of rectangle

                        4. Ask the user "Would you like to calculate another Rectangle?"
                                        If "yes" --> repeat the previous steps
                                        If "No" --> Print "Thank you for using Cydeo Rectangle Calculator APP"

                                If user enters an invalid entry, ask the user to re-enter until user provides a valid entry

                        Hint: you can use  System.exit(1) to terminate the entire program
9. Write a program that can find the frequency of the characters from a string

                         Ex:
                        str = "aabcccd";

                        output:
                                a2b1c3d1


            Hint: if you find out how to find the frequency of one character, then repeat it for all the remaining characters


10. Write a program that can find the unique characters from a string without using index() and lastIndexOf() methods

                        Ex:
                        str = "aabccdeef";

                        output:
                                bdf

            Hint: if you find out how to find the frequency of one character, then you can repeat it for the remaining characters to find the frequency.
                        if frequency of a character == 1  =========> unique

1. Write a program that can return the character that has the highest frequency from a string
	Ex:
		str = "aaabbccccddeeee"

		output:
			c
			e
